## 1.Background
Uncertainty plays a crucial role in financial analysis, and it is recognized as a complex concept based on 
its correlations with macroeconomic environment, market expection and investor's sentiment. Among various methods 
of describing uncertainty, volatility is the most practical one which gives us a simple way to quantify the uncertainty. 

In the financial industry, volatility has important implications in the field of risk management, asset allocation as 
well as risk parity and volatility targeting strategies development. In this project, we are going to develop an 
efficient model to predict the volatility of U.S financial market. 

## 2.Question: Can we predict the VIX index? 

The CBOE's Volatility Index (VIX) is one of the most commonly quoted index which measures the implied volatility of S&P 500 
index options and is calculated by the Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE). Because of the authority of this index, 
we quote it as the indicator of market volatility of U.S and aim at predicting the value of this index. 

## 3.Our data

We are going to predict the VIX index with financial data directly related to the market as well as 
the information hidden behind. Our data can be mainly grouped into three categories. 
The first category is the direct VIX related financial data like VIX history data, different S&P 500 options contracts 
data, other financial market index and so on. S&P 500 should have a strong prediction power since it is what VIX is 
measured on, and we will figure out to include which parts of the VIX history data to optimize the model. 

The second category is the macroeconomic data like unemployment rate, 
inflation rate, and exchange rate (EUR/USD, USD/CNY, USD/JPY). 
Since S&P 500 is viewed as one of the best reflections of the U.S. stock market and U.S. economy, 
the changes on these macroeconomic indicators should influence S&P 500 and further reflected on VIX index. 

The third category data indicates the market emotion. Such data can be obtained by Google trends 
(we will pick specific keywords related to … … ) as well as sentiment data from API (some websites can provide market attitude information, which is generated by analyzing data from media channels like twitter with NLP).
